Update connecting-your-database.md (#1267)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-your-database.md

username (specifically, the `login_name`) and the corresponding user's Snowflake `password`
to authenticate dbt Cloud to run queries against Snowflake on behalf of a Snowflake user.

> **Tip**: The schema field in the 'Developer Credentials' section is a required field.

Reviewer: nitpick with the word `tip`. doesn't that mean something that helps someone work more efficiently? in this case it doesn't strike me as a tip but a requirement...

Author: Good flag, thank you @dataders ! i'll change it to note

> **Note**: The schema field in the 'Developer Credentials' section is a required field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The schema field in the **Developer Credentials** section is a required field.
```

Reviewer 2: it should be bold if it's a UI element (ie these words can be seen in the GUI). if not, leave it as is
